Offline Tools pages (#202)
kuzzleio/documentation-V2: src/sdk-reference/js/6/offline-tools/index.md

---
layout: sdk.html.hbs
title: Offline Tools
description: Tools to handle the loss of connection to the Kuzzle server
order: 400
separator: essentials
---

# Offline tools

The Kuzzle SDK provides a set of properties that help your application to be resilient to the loss of network connection
during its lifespan. 

## offlineQueue

> A read-only `Object` containing the requests queued while the SDK is in the `offline` state.

Reviewer: Shouldn't we say its a `fifo`queue?

## queueMaxSize

A writable `number` defining the maximun size of the `offlineQueue`.

## queueTTL

A writable `number` defining the time in milliseconds a queued request is kept in the `offlineQueue`.

## startQueuing()

> Starts the requests queuing. Request will be put in the `offlineQueue` instead of being discarded, until `stopQueuing` is called.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starts queuing requests when in `offline` state. Request will be put in the `offlineQueue` instead of being discarded, until `stopQueuing` is called.
```

> Works only in `offline` state, and if the `autoQueue` option is set to false. Call `playQueue` to send to Kuzzle the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Works only in `offline` state when the `autoQueue` option is set to `false`. Call `playQueue` to send to Kuzzle the
```

> requests in the queue, once the SDK state passes to `online`. Call `flushQueue` to empty the queue without sendint the requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
requests in the queue, once the SDK state passes to `online`. Call `flushQueue` to empty the queue without sending the requests.
```

## stopQueuing()

Stop queuing the requests. Requests will no more be put in the `offlineQueue`, they will be discarded.
Works only in the `offline` state, and if the `autoQueue` option is set to `false`.

## playQueue()

Sends to Kuzzle all the requests in the `offlineQueue`. Works only if the SDK is not in a `offline` state, and if the 
`autoReplay` option is set to false.

## flushQueue()

Empties the `offlineQueue` without sending the requests to Kuzzle.

## autoQueue

A writable `boolean` telling the SDK whether to automatically queue requests during the `offline` state or not.

## autoReplay

A writable `boolean` telling the SDK whether to automatically send or not the requests in the `offlineQueue` on a
`reconnected` event.

## autoReconnect

A writable `boolean` telling the SDK whether to automatically reconnect or not to Kuzzle after a connection loss.

## reconnectionDelay 	

> A read-only `number` specifying the time in milliseconds between different reconnection attempts.

Reviewer: Is this this configurable somehow?

Author: You can only set it as a constructor option.

Reviewer: Couldn't we point out where and how this can be configured?

Author: It is explained in the constructor page

Reviewer: ok, we can find it easily enough with the search :+1:
